docs: add examples (#507)
mongodb/mongocli: examples/atlas/create-cluster.md

# Create a Cluster

To create and get the connection string for a cluster you can do:

```bash
mongocli atlas clusters create MyCluster \
  --region EASTERN_US \

>   --members 3 \

Reviewer: [nit] the default value of `--members` is 3 so you can remove this

Author: I like to have examples showing it so people know it exists

> mongocli atlas clusters create MyCluster \
>   --region EASTERN_US \
>   --members 3 \
>   --tier M30 \
>   --provider GCP \
>   --mdbVersion 4.4 \
>   --diskSizeGB 30 && \
> mongocli atlas clusters watch MyCluster && \
> mongocli atlas clusters describe MyCluster -o go-template="{{.SrvAddress}}"

Reviewer: [q] what about inserting the definition of each flag, something like this
```suggestion
mongocli atlas clusters create MyCluster \
  --region EASTERN_US \ # Physical location of your MongoDB cluster.
  --tier M30 \ # Tier for each data-bearing server in the cluster. 
  --provider GCP \ # Name of your cloud service provider.
  --mdbVersion 4.4 \ # MongoDB version of the cluster to deploy. 
  --diskSizeGB 30 && \ # Capacity, in gigabytes, of the host’s root volume.
mongocli atlas clusters watch MyCluster && \
mongocli atlas clusters describe MyCluster -o go-template="{{.SrvAddress}}"
```

Author: this was a nice idea but I just tried to copy/paste the new command and it no longer works so I won't add this
